hi in this tutorial we're going to talk
about making a watermark
on a photo that you export from
Lightroom 4 so the first step would be
to make your logo and to have it be on a
transparent background you could do this
as a PNG file and once that's made I'll
I have to do is select a photo and then
go to file export and then you would
choose all the regular options you would
choose for exporting a photo for the web
and the main area that we need to worry
about is this part right here that talks
about watermarking and you click this
down arrow and you click Edit watermarks
and it gives you this little pop-up link
so i would go here and choose my logo
and it puts it in now down here we have
some more options you can choose to fit
it to the screen where it makes it large
and fit it all the way across you could
choose to fill it where makes a really
large and fills the entire area or we
can make it proportional which I think
makes the most sense for adding it to
all of your images and here i chose
thirty one percent but you could choose
larger and then a little lower you can
even adjust these sliders to move it
left and right or the slider to move it
up or down and these little boxes make
it real handy to move it in two
different locations top right top left
center bottom right and this one will
make this once a bottom right and then
when you think you've got it all right
you just click save as a preset and you
give it a name I'll call this one GCC
light and bottom right and then just say
create preset and then we can export the
picture we have to tell it where to put
the picture when it exports it so
pictures and select that folder it will
overwrite that file and export the
picture
and there it is and if we look at it a
little bit larger and we can see that it
added the little water mark right there
to our picture
you